what's up guys this week let me take you
to a Co it's a beautiful small
Mediterranean city in the north of
Israel and it's where I learned a huge
lesson about Hamas from this man I
thought I knew how to make homeless but
I was completely humbled by Abu site the
good news though is that thanks to his
lesson I think I'm getting pretty damn
close to making perfect homeless and how
to do that well that is exactly what I
want to share with you today
walk with me so homeless right how hard
can it be can a chickpeas tahini lemon
you know the drill I've made homeless
many times before and it worked but it
was never anything that would make
anyone go Wow
and that's kind of what I'm looking for
I mean how else would you explain it
there are entire countries just purely
obsessed with homeless I kept trying I
had it herbs yogurt I added more spice
società grilled peppers avocado um I
definitely get carried away
what about their homeless well that
never really got any better because
spoiler alert none of the above are the
secret to better homeless well then what
is the secret there's only one way to
find out for sure
[Music]
[Applause]
okay what is love good people I have
arrived at the old town of Arco and I
can't wait to try the world-famous
homeless from Abu zayeed Paco is a tiny
city but it's special you know with over
4,000 years of history it's actually one
of the oldest cities in the world it's
been through times of devastating war
and glorious prosperity and its iconic
old town bears witness to all of that
and today well in spite of all the
really unfortunate political
disagreements in Israel Jews and Arabs
live here together peacefully that's
always nice to see and you know for what
it's worth if there's only one thing
everyone in this country will agree on
it's the homeless is delicious and right
in the heart of echos Old Market there
is a shop that is said to have the best
fresh hummus in all of Israel Hamas site
people literally travel from other
continents to eat here and if you're
lucky like me you can even meet abu
saeed himself the living legend the man
who has hummus running through his veins
when i was finally served with a fresh
plate of hummus I was absolutely blown
away there is absolutely no doubt
homicide it does live up to the hype let
me explain
Busan eat hummus wasn't complicated or
extravagant at all actually remember it
really well it was really creamy and
perfectly silky smooth tucked with just
a couple of whole chickpeas for you no
extra nuance the pita was super fresh
and really fluffy baked across the
street actually and then of course there
was a plate of condiments you know that
gave me some of that Tang eNOS sharpness
saltiness to just you know balance out
the creaminess and mellowness of the
hummus you know at last I had this
homeless experience I was looking for I
had the homeless that made me go Wow
and I believe that is the reason why
homicide has built a reputation for
being the possibly best plate of
homeless you can get anywhere in the
world so the secret is to keep it simple
and to focus on the basics especially
that texture and you also have to see
the homeless beyond the chickpea you
have to see Hamas as an entire
experience consisting of three
individual but all equally important
elements the hummus paste itself the
fresh pizza and the condiment and today
I will master all three of them so let's
do some shopping
[Music]
all right we're back and now let's make
some serious hummus before I'm gonna get
to the chickpeas I will get a dough
started that will eventually become my
pizza I'm starting off with half a cup
of whole wheat flour because that will
give me some of that complex nutty
flavor I like my feet a little bit extra
next we're gonna add some sugar yeast
olive oil and warm water just a little
above room temperature the warm water
will actually help our yeast get to work
a little more quickly and now in a
mixing bowl I'm combining all-purpose
flour and some salt to which I'm going
to finally add my yeast mixture and
begin the kneading process first with a
spoon and then finally finally with some
good old elbow grease so even though
that pita was on the wetter side try to
not add much more flour than is
absolutely necessary because that high
water content will help our pita pop up
later on
make sure to knead for at least 10
minutes to develop that gluten and then
cover and rest for an hour or until your
dough has more than doubled in size I
mean you could totally use some kind of
machine with a dough hook attachment for
kneading the dough but where's the fun
in that
okay chickpeas I'm starting off with
dried chickpeas it's pretty much Canada
to give you a fresher nuttier more
interesting flavor than the canned stuff
but the downside is that you have to
soak them overnight and a whole lot of
water which is totally worth it though
so do that so thanks to some editing
magic I have some so chickpeas over here
and we can move to the first crucial
step in this recipe but do you remember
how incredibly creamy abu sa'id hummus
was well one of the key secrets to
achieve this is to remove the chickpea
husk and while you can peel them with
your fingers this would certainly be
madness but thanks to Israeli cooking
God you'd immortal angey we have this
method in a large saucepan combine your
drained chickpeas with a teaspoon of
baking soda and stir around on medium
heat for around 3 minutes so the baking
soda is alkaline which I'm just
pretending to know what that means but
what it does is it breaks down the
chickpea skins so in the next step you
can cover your chickpeas with water and
a good pinch of salt and then simmer
them skimming
any foam and chickpea skin that floats
to the top
the cooking time can actually vary a lot
anywhere between 20 and 60 minutes I
would say what you're looking for is a
chickpea that's really really tender
almost at the point of breaking apart
when you squeeze them so once done rinse
your chickpeas under cold water and this
is another great opportunity to get rid
of some of those chickpeas skins that
came loose during the cooking feel free
to rub your chickpeas against each other
a little bit you can even use a little
bit of bigger and then you can transfer
them into your blender when done and
don't forget to reserve a few for
topping your homeless later on and
actually at this point you really want
to make sure your chickpeas aren't hot
anymore you know some recipes they ask
you to directly pour your hot chickpeas
into the blender and blend them right
away but I really don't like that the
reason is that they will produce a lot
of steam and thus lose a lot of moisture
which makes it really difficult to judge
where you're at with texture okay the
next essential ingredient in your hummus
is tahini sauce but no we're not gonna
dump tahini directly into the blender
that would be way too easy
instead if this is the time for another
very sneaky and ingenious always hat in
a small food processor combine the juice
of two lemons and a whole bulb of garlic
yes we're gonna break it down into
individual cloves but that's about as
far as we will go
why bother peeling them when we can add
a splash of water and bliss now all
that's left to do is performing the
slightly annoying task of pressing out
as much liquid as you can with the help
of a spoon over a strainer and why again
are we doing this well remember how
delicate the flavors in Abu Syed's
hummus were with this hack we're
actually ending up with this beautifully
garlic seasoned lemon juice it gives the
homeless a perfectly even garlic aroma
without any of those overly pungent bits
and pieces of garlic and now for some
very impressive chemistry that I don't
understand combined your runny tahini
with your runny lemon garlic juice and
then mix those until they magically turn
into a not runny at all paste once well
combined we can add a little bit of
water one splash at a time until our
tahini sauce starts to resemble a very
thick batter and you can also add a
little bit of freshly ground cumin if
you
to that now we're finally ready to
introduce the creamy tahini to the
chickpea to that we're also gonna add a
good plug of olive oil some salt and
we're ready to blitz I'm trying to be
quite thorough at this point and puree
for about two minutes until the homeless
has completely turned into an even paste
just like this beautiful rich super
smooth and delicate hummus now just let
the homeless rest and relax for just a
little bit but it will be time well
spent because our pita dough should be
ready to go I'm going to roll it over on
my floured working surface and divide it
into about 8 equal pieces now for each
piece keep tucking the dough under
itself until a somewhat tight ball of
dough forms flour your dough balls cover
with a plastic bag or something to
protect from drying out
and let the dough relax for about 15
minutes be patient don't skip this step
once your dough balls are nice and soft
flour them once more and roll them out
until they're about four millimeters
thick that's around 1/4 of an inch try
to keep them as round as you can well
sadly you'll have to let those rest and
rise for another 10 to 15 minutes but at
least you can start preheating a
cast-iron skillet on high heat hmm very
lightly oil your skillet and put in your
peaches top side down and fry for about
2 to 3 minutes then flip fry again for
another minute and then flip again and
if you have done a good job your pitas
should puff up nicely at this stage
store your finish pitas inside a tea
towel to prevent them from drying out
and now for the last perhaps simplest
but nevertheless equally crucial part
the condiments I like to go straight up
from a side style and chop up some raw
onions fresh tomatoes middle-eastern
pickled cucumbers and green chillies may
be olives I mean I'm sure you could go
crazy here the idea here is to balance
out that really mellow homeless taste
with something more intense like a
pickle or even raw onion that's why they
work so well and now for the serving
make sure to top your homeless with some
of those reserved whole chickpea
and a healthy glug of the best olive oil
you've got just like they do in abu
sa'id shop and now enjoy with a fresh
pizza you guys I hope I brought you just
a little bit closer to that perfect home
homeless experience feel free to
subscribe to my channel I make weekly
videos about food culture and cooking
and of course you can head over to
patreon and support me over there either
way guys no matter what you do remember
to spread hamas not hate and as long as
we all do that we'll be fine and I will
see you in the next video bye bye
[Music]